#summary Description of DB-Adapters for individual content providers
#labels Phase-QA,Phase-Implementation

= Introduction =

This page should provide an overview of the implementation approach and the current status of database adapters. The information provided here is useful for content partners interested in a brief description about the way their data is *translated* to the GAMA format. Also the various *quality checks* are briefly described here.

*Mandatory data for the frontend*

 * *works*:<br/>- archive <br/>- work_title<br/>- creation date: work_created/presentation_date (at least a year)<br/>- creator<br/>- work_type<br/>- work_description<br/>- manifestation
 * *artists*:<br/>- person_name<br/>- life_span<br/>- person_country


== DB-Adapter: Ars Electronica Center ==

XML files are prepared directly by the content partner.<br/>
They underlie a simplified schema and therefore have to be transformed to GAMA schema.

=== Data ===

 * Used encoding (by cp): ISO-8859-1

*Artists* -^- 470 (455 Persons, 15 Collectives)

 * *Kind of artist (Person <> Collective)*<br/>Unfortunately the type of artist is not given, so this have to be mapped. <br/>The content partner created an Excel sheet for this reason (but it's uncomplete atm).
 * There are 41 _negative_ values for IDs:<br/>Person: -49, -47, -46, -45, -43, -42, -41, -40, -39, -36, -34, -33, -30, -29, -28, -27, -26, -25, -24, -23, -22, -21, -20, -19, -18, -17, -16, -15, -14, -13, -11, -10, - 9, - 8, - 7, - 6, - 5, - 4, - 3, - 2, - 1.<br/>Collective: -44.<br/>In this cases only person_name is given.<br/>-
 * person_name: always given.
 * <font color="red">life_span: not provided.</font>
 * <font color="red">person_country : 67 persons have no person_country.</font>

*Works* -^- 814 (Artworks: 731 , Events: 83) 

 * There are duplicates, e.g. 5x Event:11993 (everyone has an other image_url)<br/>-
 * work_title: always given.
 * work_created/presentation_date: always given.
 * <font color="red">creator: 73 works have no creator!</font>
 * <font color="red">work_type: received files do not contain worktypes/genres and keywords.</font>
 * <font color="red">work_description: 671 works have no description.</font>

== DB-Adapter: Argos vzw Centre for Art and Media ==

Content partner provide a database dump with all required informations, including mapping.<br/>
Only keywords are not provided atm.<br/>
*=> There are problems with encoding of the new database dump <=*

== DB-Adapter: C³ Center for Culture & Communication ==

XML files are prepared directly by the content partner.<br/>
They underlie a simplified schema and therefore have to be transformed to GAMA schema.<br/>
*Persons*
 * 91 without life_span.
 * 81 without Person_country.
*Works*
 * 10 works have no creator
 * 76 works have worktypes that do no match to the kind of work
 ** 72 events   with work_type  Documentation (worktype of a resource)
 ** 3 artworks with work_type  Documentation (worktype of a resource)
 ** 1 artwork  with work_type  Conference    (worktype of an event)

== DB-Adapter: Filmform ==

Connection via ODBC (Filemaker database -> only *Windows driver* given).<br/>
*Persons*
 * 37 without life_span
 * 10 without person_country
*Works*
All works have a worktype and a creation date, 2 have no creator and 15 no description.

== DB-Adapter: Heure Exquise ! ==

Content partner want(ed) to create a new database. <br/>
We are still waiting for it.<br/>

In the old database in case of persons only names were given and sometimes 'kind of person' were incorrect.

== DB-Adapter: Les Instants Vidéo ==



== DB-Adapter: Netherlands Media Art Institute - Montevideo/Time Based Arts ==

Database dump given.

=== Data ===
 
 * Countries are given in text format => transformation to ISO-Codes

*Artists* -^- 555 (477 Persons, 78 Collectives)

 * person_name: always given.
 * life_span: <font color="red">311 without life_span.</font>
 * person_country: <font color="red">283 without person_country</font>

*Collections* -^- 5

*Works* -^- 2822 (2436 artworks, 170 events, 216 resources)

 # *artworks*
  * work_title: always given.
  * <font color="red">work_created: 77 without work_created.</font>
  * <font color="red">creator: 366 without creator.</font>
  * <font color="red">work_type: 1719 without work_type.</font>
  * <font color="red">work_description: 883 without description.</font>
 # *events*
  * work_title: always given.
  * presentation_date: always given.
  * creator: always given.
  * <font color="red">work_type: 2 without worktype. (Event 1, Event 257)</font>
  * <font color="red">work_description: 1 without any description (18 without description in english).</font>
 # *resources* (Documentations of events)
  * 178 without related events
  * work_title: always given.
  * <font color="red">work_created: 3 without work_created (Resources: 14320, 14359, 14379)</font>
  * <font color="red">creator: no related persons included yet because roles of artists are unclear</font>
  * <font color="blue">work_type: defined as "Documentation"</font>
  * <font color="red">work_description: 37 without description.</font>

== DB-Adapter: DIVA ==

*Added by Viliam Simko:* From my point of view, XML files are prepared directly by the content partner. Sometimes, there are references to URIs that do not represent real Works. This seems to be a problem of the exporting script of the content partner that the db-adapter cannot solve. Therefore the QA checks include following procedure:
 * Validity of URIs is performed for all works (eg. spaces are not allowed)
 * Every work must contain at least title, description and creation date

All identified problems are written to a single file which is sent to the content partner.